

# Essay question

Nick Couldry wrote in 2000: 'cultural studies is an expanding space for sustained, rigorous and self-reflexive  empirical research into the massive, power-laden complexity of contemporary culture'  (Couldry, 2000, 1).  Critically analyse what he  means. Drawing on the various interpretative, textual, visual, observational and participatory methods discussed in the course and the set readings of the course, describe some of the different ways  your group research project activities have addressed the challenges of empirically researching contemporary culture. You will need to spend some time in your essay describing what your research was about, but this description should mainly serve to highlight your analysis of this definition of cultural studies.  You should pay particular attention in your essay to the key quotes drawn from the weekly readings (see the Moodle site for these), and show in your essay that understand them and their implications. 

Nick Couldry wrote in 2000: 'cultural studies is an expanding space for sustained, rigorous and self-reflexive  empirical research into the massive, power-laden complexity of contemporary culture'  (Couldry, 2000, 1).  Critically analysis what this claim means for media and cultural studies research in 2014/2015. Drawing on the various interpretative, textual, visual, observational and participatory methods discussed in the course,  describe some of the ways  your group research project could address the challenges of empirically researching contemporary culture today. You will need to spend some time in your essay describing what your research was about, but this description should mainly serve to highlight your analysis of the challenges of contemporary research. 

   Understanding how culture works (a question of methodology) is inseparable from whom it currently works for (a question about the constitution of citizenship and cultural participation). It     is because the links between culture and power threaten to undermine a fully participatory culture that analysing those links matters. 143

